Elder Simon
What happened today has nothing to do with you
Well, I advise you not to meddle in your own business
To avoid getting burned
What are you talking about?
The surname is Luo?
You said that Ximen hugs and gets angry
What are you?
Dare to pose in front of Ximen Hug Heel
Guo Rongkang
I see for the sake of you and me being both disciples of Blood Jade
Today, as long as you kneel down to this elder
kowtow
And give full responsibility
I could consider sparing your life
But he's rubbish
Die today
Guo Rongkang and this dog thing
I didn't expect you to have today too
Ah, haven't you always wanted to kill me?
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Hit me! Come on! Come on!
Oh, dear.
How dare you hit my man in my face
I've already hit, what can you do?
You made me kill today
Come on, I'm here, dare you
Guo Rongkang seems to
Today you are for this trash
Fight with me
Why are you fighting with me?
Do you have the strength?
With these few stinky fish and rotten shrimp under your hand
Can you stop me?
Siemens Leopard
Don't be too arrogant
I may not be your match
But Lord Rose
Easy to hold you